Add a section how to debug Github Actions with tmate to the README.md (#29)
ddev/ddev-addon-template: README.md

Note that more advanced techniques are discussed in [DDEV docs](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/extend/additional-services/#additional-service-configurations-and-add-ons-for-ddev).

## How to debug in Github Actions

> 1. You need a SSH-key registered with Github. You either pick the key you already authenticate with `github.com` or you create a dedicated new one with `ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -a 64 -f tmate_ed25519 -C "$(date +'%d-%m-%Y')"` and add it at `https://github.com/settings/keys`.

Author: hm registered is suboptimal i agree but configured with github is also unprecise. github is using the terminology of "associated with your account". maybe something like: 

You need a SSH-key associated with your [GitHub account](https://github.com/settings/keys). You either pick the key you already use on `github.com` or you create a dedicated new one with `ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -a 64 -f tmate_ed25519 -C "$(date +'%d-%m-%Y')"` and add it to `https://github.com/settings/keys`.

> 1. You need a SSH-key registered with Github. You either pick the key you already authenticate with `github.com` or you create a dedicated new one with `ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -a 64 -f tmate_ed25519 -C "$(date +'%d-%m-%Y')"` and add it at `https://github.com/settings/keys`.

Reviewer: That explanation works for me, thanks.

> 2. Add the following snippet to `~/.ssh/config`

Reviewer: This step is unnecessary normally, but perhaps you have gobs of keys.

Author: in that case i consider it useful because with the wildcard you make sure that the different subdomains are all covered with the same ssh key. and i struggled at the beginning because i'Ve used the specific domain and subdomain and then ran into another one.

Reviewer: I typically only have a single ssh key ever configured on github.

```
Host *.tmate.io
    User git
    AddKeysToAgent yes
    UseKeychain yes
    PreferredAuthentications publickey
    IdentitiesOnly yes
    IdentityFile ~/.ssh/tmate_ed25519
```
3. Go to `https://github.com/<user>/<repo>/actions/workflows/tests.yml`.

> 4. By clicking the `Run workflow`- button you have the option to the select the branch to run the workflow from and activate `tmate` by checking the `Debug with tmate` checkbox for this run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the `Run workflow`- button and you will have the option to the select the branch to run the workflow from and activate `tmate` by checking the `Debug with tmate` checkbox for this run.
```

![tmate](images/gh-tmate.jpg)

5. After the `workflow_dispatch`-event was triggered click the `All workflows`-link in the sidebar and then click the in progress workflow `tests`.

7. Pick one of the jobs in progress in the sidebar.

> 8. Wait until the current task list reaches the `tmate debugging session` section and the output shows something like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Wait until the current task list reaches the `tmate debugging session` section and the output shows something like:
```

```
106 SSH: ssh PRbaS7SLVxbXImhjUqydQBgDL@nyc1.tmate.io
107 or: ssh -i <path-to-private-SSH-key> PRbaS7SLVxbXImhjUqydQBgDL@nyc1.tmate.io
108 SSH: ssh PRbaS7SLVxbXImhjUqydQBgDL@nyc1.tmate.io
109 or: ssh -i <path-to-private-SSH-key> PRbaS7SLVxbXImhjUqydQBgDL@nyc1.tmate.io
```

9. Copy and execute the first option `ssh PRbaS7SLVxbXImhjUqydQBgDL@nyc1.tmate.io` in the terminal and continue by pressing either `q` or `ctrl-c`.

10. Start the bats test with `bats tests/test.bats`.

> For a more detailed documentation about `tmate` see [Debug your GitHubActions by using tmate](https://mxschmitt.github.io/action-tmate/)

Reviewer: Another whole section could be about how to actually debug bats, which I think you're working on here.

Author: i agree a dedicated section about bats might be helpful. but i have to admit i haven't thought nor was working on it. i am in lack of bats expertise also. the tests i'Ve used for spidergram were more than basic and rudimental.
